{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9412\c9412\c9412;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 AI-Powered Faceless Video Generation Platform\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Description:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 We are seeking an experienced full-stack developer or a team to build an AI-driven web application that automates the creation of faceless short-form videos, akin to AutoShorts.ai. The platform should enable users to generate, customize, and schedule videos for platforms like TikTok and YouTube Shorts.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Key Features:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 1. User Authentication & Dashboard:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Secure user registration and login system. \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 User-friendly dashboard to manage video projects and settings. \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 2. AI-Driven Video Generation:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Input: Users provide a topic or prompt.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Process:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 AI generates a script based on the input.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Selects relevant visuals (images/videos) to match the script.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Generates voiceover using AI voice synthesis.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Combines elements to produce a cohesive video.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Output: Short-form video (30\'9690 seconds) ready for preview and editing. \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 3. Customization Options:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Edit generated scripts manually.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Choose from a library of background music tracks.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Select different AI voice profiles for narration. \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Add or edit subtitles with various styles. \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 4. Video Scheduling & Publishing:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Schedule videos for automatic posting to TikTok and YouTube Shorts.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Set video visibility (public, unlisted, private) and posting frequency.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 5. Multi-Language Support:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Generate videos in multiple languages. \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Translate subtitles to cater to diverse audiences. \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 6. Analytics Dashboard:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Track video performance metrics such as views, engagement, and click-through rates.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Provide insights to optimize content strategy.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Technical Requirements:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Frontend: React.js or Vue.js for a responsive and intuitive user interface.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Backend: Node.js with Express or Python with Django/Flask for server-side logic.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Database: MongoDB or PostgreSQL for storing user data and video metadata.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 AI Integration: Utilize APIs from OpenAI, ElevenLabs, or similar for text and voice generation. \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Video Processing: FFmpeg or similar tools for video compilation and editing.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Cloud Services: AWS, Google Cloud, or DigitalOcean for hosting and storage solutions.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Deliverables:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Fully functional web application with all the features mentioned above.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Comprehensive documentation for deployment and maintenance.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Post-launch support for bug fixes and minor updates.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Preferred Qualifications:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Proven experience in developing AI-integrated applications.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Strong portfolio showcasing similar projects.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Ability to work independently and meet project deadlines.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Budget: [Specify your budget range]\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Timeline: [Specify your expected project duration]\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 To Apply:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Please provide:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 A brief overview of your experience with similar projects.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Links to relevant portfolio pieces.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Your proposed approach to this project.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'95 Estimated timeline and budget.\cb1 \
}